 Welcome to the new Robert Morris University Interactive Map! 
	

The map images of Wheatley Center, The Nicholson Center and Joe Walton Stadium are hyperlinks; Try it, and use the BACK button on your browser to come back here.


The Edward A. Nicholson Student Center

Built in 1999, the 78,000 square foot, four-level Edward A. Nicholson Student Center provides a gathering place for students, faculty, staff, alumni, and visitors. It embodies the traditions, expectations and spirit of the campus and, thus, serves as an integral part of every student's collegiate experience.

Joe Walton Stadium

After 11 years of playing its football games less than a mile up the street at Moon Stadium, Robert Morris University opened Joe Walton Stadium in 2005, the first on-campus football field named in honor of a head coach that started the program from scratch and served 20 years at the helm.

Built over the course of 13 months and at a cost of $10 million by Mosites Construction Company, Joe Walton Stadium owns a capacity of 3,000 and features a 36,000-square-foot athletic administration building that holds office space for the football coaching staff, athletic administration and Olympic sport coaches. Also included in the building is a state-of-the-art weight room, equipment room, two locker rooms, three classrooms, lobby, press box and President’s box.

The Joe Walton Stadium field covers 97,000 square feet, with the surface field turf. The turf consists of sand, rubber and film polyethylene grass-like fabric with secondary backing of high polyurethane. The field, which was replaced in the summer of 2015, is lined for football, lacrosse and soccer. The scoreboard for the stadium was provided by Institutional Specialties, a distributor of Daktronics, located in Pittsburgh, Pa.

The music and public address system was provided by Hollowood Music and Sound in McKees Rocks, Pa., and Joe Walton Stadium also includes a portal and plaza. The portal includes 160 pavers to recognize donors to the campaign to raise funds for Joe Walton Stadium, while the plaza includes three kiosks, one each for tickets, concessions and the Barnes & Noble bookstore.


Wheatley Center

Completed in 2012, the Wheatley Center is the home for the School of Communications and Information Systems. This custom-designed facility provides Media Arts with all-new classrooms, studios, labs, and workshops needed to deliver the curriculum for the design and photography concentrations (TV/Video facilities still housed in the Academic Media Center in Patrick Henry). 
The Wheatley Center is truly a destination that students can call their own. In addition to the curricular spaces, the facility features the 24/7 homework lab for Media Arts students, cafe, student lounge, and the Media Arts Gallery. Whether you need to do work, grab a bite to eat, or get inspired, Wheatley can accommodate.